hi big hello from raleigh north carolina
welcome to another episode of b2b
marketing and more we talk about
everything obviously b2b related from
demand jam pay advertising sometimes we
even touch on the marketing development
also career development of b2b marketers
today i have a very very special guest
paul cowan
did i say our name correctly paul you
sure did awesome awesome
and paul is the cmo of freshbooks and
the that is the sas based platform
accounting software used by many small
businesses and the freelancers in fact
several of my freelancers use that to
invoice me directly so welcome paul
thank you for coming to my show
thank you it's great great to be here
pam and i'm i'm glad to hear that you're
being invoiced by my opponent
many many times
yes good
this is one thing i actually like about
your platforms like when i click on the
link to go to your site you always have
some nice little quote
like show up on the front and before you
kind of take me to your invoice platform
i like that that's kind of cute a little
nice touch it's definitely by design to
just kind of help user experience
overall and just give customers a little
something extra as opposed to just
taking them directly to a an invoice
that they have to pay i 100 agree and
that also touches the topics we want to
talk about which is advertising and the
product experience
obviously for advertising we kind of
know that is a you know anybody who's
doing advertising or even marketing
communication is a promise that you make
to what your product will deliver or
messages you want to communicate for
what your product will do
basically from my perspective if
marketing is done right you say what you
will do and you say it correctly but
there are times and i have seen it and
you have seen it multiple times which is
there are some examples out there that
the product of service
where the user experience didn't live up
to the marketing hype can you share some
experiences with us or some examples and
what was the outcome of that through the
2010s there's there's been a lot of like
product-led growth companies and and
companies that really kind of rely on on
their product to do their their selling
and to do their conversion and that type
of activity for them so it's kind of
interesting because a lot of times we've
been kind of losing a bit of the the
positioning aspect and differentiation
aspect of marketing or advertising
in in favor of just creating really
great customer experiences within a
product or relying on that or trying to
be first to market i'll give a couple
examples of some things that that i
think have been
a little bit of not living up to the
hype i was a founder of a food company
back in 2014 and so when when a lot of
money was going into the food space and
and companies like maple and munchery
were starting in in new york or the bay
area i i founded a company called called
feast in toronto and we were very much
the same thing create kitchens have a
full stack manage like your production
to delivery like that whole model just
didn't work because it really kind of
relied on a premise that people cared a
lot about their food quality which they
do to a certain extent but but often
don't and they really cared about speed
everybody was really kind of focused on
how can we get the best chef quality
meal to someone's doorstep in minutes
wasn't a big problem for them you could
get lots of chef made meals in lots of
different places and so there just
really wasn't that desire the demand
from a customer standpoint to really
want that i think analogous to that is
box food category so like the blue
aprons hello fresh like folks in this
space where they you know they're
promising this this wonderful experience
of of you being able to craft these
wonderful chef made meals at home
yet what you're getting is excessive
waste and work
when you're actually getting this
experience of what you're being promised
and then you actually if you do the the
food cost comparison of if you actually
just went to the grocery store and
picked up the food you're like oh i'm
actually paying 3x the price for this
food that's yes it's delivered to my
door but i still have to do a tremendous
amount of work so i could probably get
that in delivery and why not just like
pay a little bit of a premium and get
that those are two pretty big examples
and i think the the common thread there
is the issue is just like not
understanding the customer or not really
being able to solve a customer pain
point you're not satisfying something or
if you're manufacturing a need for for
something that just doesn't exist in a
in a major way then then your company
may be a great niche product but it's
never going to scale i actually use blue
apron actually for a little bit for
probably three or four weeks their
website is great the customer experience
is very seamless and personally i think
they also did a great job in terms of
marketing themselves right they got
themselves in costco they got themselves
in all the marketing channels they even
set up kiosks in the mall so they really
try the omni channels but at the end you
are totally right and there's one thing
whenever i get the package from them
the first time i got it it was very kind
of like a sense of excitement oh you
know what everything is proportioned
everything is managed everything is
measured you opened it and you cook but
then over two or three weeks the things
that popping to my mind is how much
waste i created it's crazy and i was
like does that really solve my problem
but i understand it does create a sense
of convenience i know there's a value
proposition that go with it whenever you
created a specific product especially a
sas based platform for food delivery or
even that sharing experience but
you are totally right in the end you
have to look at what are the problems
you also are solving and also do your
customers really need that every company
especially like in especially in the sas
space or in this customer experience
area needs to like dial in on whether
it's called a magic moment your aha
moment or whatever it is like what is
that thing that you're going to be doing
to really kind of drive and provide
value in that experience so that you're
actually getting some the value and
utility out of it so it's incredibly
important to be able to achieve that
so speaking of that can you also share
with us in terms of freshbooks what are
you doing to ensure that you deliver
that customer experience also address
your audience's pinpoint
our focus is really on owners and
and what are like the owner's pain
points so like other accounting software
whether it's quickbooks or xero they
built that's where their legacy has come
from so they built great products for
accountants but when owners get into the
products they have a really hard time
being able to use them on a day in and
day out basis and that's the kind of the
feedback that we hear so we're trying to
create a system where it's the owner's
tool day in and day out and then
accountants can have the utility that
they need to be able to go in and do the
types of things that they need to do
from whether it's the bookkeeping
closing the books filing taxes doing all
of that kind of stuff so with that we're
always kind of focused on like what what
are owners really really looking for and
and with them
like none of them are actually excited
about doing their finances none of them
are like you know jumping out of bed and
clapping their hands and saying i can't
wait to go and do my invoicing
i totally agree i mean most of the time
like do i really need to do this
expenses now
right because if you actually don't take
care of your expenses like on a regular
basis it piles up very quickly then over
like if you didn't do it for like two or
three weeks all of a sudden there's like
20 receipts you have to do and it's like
ah so much work
we're in this kind of catch 22 where how
do you how do you actually
create an experience within your product
so that they're actually maybe not
spending a lot of time in it so some
sometimes like making sure that we have
a really sticky product that people are
coming into every day may not be the
best thing in terms of of having to
integrate with someone's workflows so so
we really tried it like simplicity and
ease of use is like the number one thing
that we're always doing so just trying
to create the best type of user
experience within within our platform
that's specifically built for owners is
the thing we kind of dial in on how do
you gather that feedback and how do you
do testing do you actually have like a
pilot size or the production side that
you do testing or how do you actually
bring the features into kind of like
your product real time absolutely i mean
we've got like a pretty pretty extensive
like road mapping process and in terms
of looking at the future of the types of
things that we're doing whether it's
like expansion of users whether it's
growing revenue within our existing user
base or going into different markets
like we're always like looking at where
the future of the industry is going as
well as like we run kind of this voice
of customer activity where we bring
together all the different areas that
are working and gathering customer
feedback and collate all that data so
that we can get like the existing
customer experience through the support
tickets and
conversations that that team is having
we do tons of customer interviews all
around the world so whether they're
facilitated through marketing or through
our ux team or whoever anytime we have
these interactions we're bringing it
together so that we we can learn across
the board and look at what these
different pieces and bits of information
are so that we can connect like the
support tickets to our our user
interviews
yeah to everything so that we're
understanding like the relative gains
from the different pieces that we're
putting into the product as well as as
what people are are looking for and and
you know it's a lot of it's also just
like breaking up the road map so that we
have like you know the little
enhancements and feature enhancements
that need to happen on a day in and day
out basis along with the big rock they
need to be developed so that whether
it's
you know doing something that's like
bringing a completely new feature set
into product or if it's doing something
where it's bringing a completely new
vertical or customer type into the
product it's doing both of those things
to make sure that we have that but i
think that the interesting side is like
most of this research in in a lot of
organizations is done individually
within their departments and and the
hard part is like how do you actually
bring together disparate pieces of data
holistically
and look at all the information that you
gather and then make changes as
necessary that's always hard that's all
very very hard actually it doesn't
matter which organization that you go to
yeah i've been at freshbooks for just
over two years and you know i was really
attracted to the company because like i
worked in large organizations but i've
i've started a few companies over the
years and i've done consulting so i
always like working in organizations
when i know the customer because i've
been the customer and you're always kind
of closer to the product and
understanding what you're looking for i
always like trying to like how do we
differentiate versus the competitors
because when i came in like you look at
all of the competitive ads and what
people are doing and we're all saying
all in one accounting with no list of
features then being able to carve out
the area of the product or carpet the
area of the market that is unique to us
is that that's the hard part so how do
you do that can you share with us
yeah for sure like we did a pretty
extensive like brand overview which
started long before i started at
freshbooks which was like dialing into
what is it that we were all about and
what is the space that that we owned and
and of course it's all about like being
built for owners but it's unpack
unpacking that and understanding like
what is it about owners that really
makes them tick we know that all owners
universally whether you're a solo
printer or whether you're running
20-person ad agency the adage like it's
lonely at the top exists across the
board and so there's this feeling of
isolation that all owners have whether
it's like
not knowing exactly what it means to
understand their finances or be prepared
for tax time or attacking their bills
and they often regress to the one thing
that they're really good at which is
like the thing that they do in work and
so whether it's like hey i'm a if i'm a
graphic designer i'm going to go design
what we try to do is make sure that we
kind of understand
this pain and understand that that kind
of challenge and are acting to in our
above the line communications
demonstrating that we kind of get that
and then in product it's how do we add
value to their day
with every single turn of what we're
developing knowing that it's like they
may not know all of this stuff on the
back of their hand or they may not know
the right process to do all this stuff
so how do we make sure that we're
helping them through that so let me
paraphrase it a lot of things that you
were talking about is obviously you
started from kind of like the core of
the company like why does your company
exist and obviously you're creating the
software obviously who are you creating
the software for right so you have a
clear understanding that the target
audience that you go after is the small
businesses and it's very small
businesses which is very very
clearly defined once you have that
defined within the small businesses and
you identify this the decision maker you
go after decision maker who is the
decision maker is the owner so you very
much tailor your messaging directly to
the owner but even with the owners they
have a different industry segments you
know freelancers a graphic designer is
probably very different than the people
who own small e-commerce store or local
shop like in a small town so you kind of
look into a different segment of owner
and they try to understand what their
pinpoint you really really make an
effort to deeply understand your target
audience and which is the small business
owners and i think that's very very
critical
they like hiking or they don't like
hiking it's none of that i think it's
more understanding in terms of what are
some of the the challenges and can we
find that common challenges across all
small business owners the challenge in
b2b marketing is unlike other categories
when you're doing consumer or
even enterprise like when you're in
these in this smb or vsb kind of world
the small business or the very small
business it's a different problem set
that you're kind of dealing with and
it's kind of interesting because like
like there's such a massive wide variety
of different customer types maturity in
terms of their business it's very
difficult to then find that common
thread that exists across all of them
and a lot of business owners are often
in business to do something
and they're all in it for different
reasons whether it's personal
fulfillment whether it's they've been
thrust there because they lost their job
whether they're doing it for balance of
time and family life or whatever it
might be the end game and that end
emotional benefit of what they're doing
it for there's a massive amount of
variety for it so being able to be a
highly emotional or a motive marketer in
b2b is very difficult to do because
there is no common thread unlike if
you're doing like you know sports
equipment or if you're doing something
you know if you're in the yoga apparel
business the end kind of game is a
little bit more apparent from an
emotional standpoint so b2b marketers
often regress down to the obvious
insight around save time yeah
efficiencies
and uh effectiveness
and the cost totally and although that's
like a motivator everybody starts to
look like we're in the sea of sameness
so whether you're a bank whether you're
a lender whether you're accounting
software whether you're doing
communications management everybody's
always kind of promising the same thing
so it becomes very difficult for anybody
to stand out so that's kind of the
journey that i'm on is to really kind of
carve out this unique area for fresh
books to live into and then how to make
sure that both from a brand standpoint
and from a product standpoint we live
into it as well so what is a specific
tagline or a unique differentiator that
you elevate a pitch or five to ten word
statement that you describe freshbooks
in some recent campaigns we articulate
as you're not alone and what we do is
that we try to show people how we're
along with them on their journey of
growth whether it's personal or whether
it's the growth of their company and so
when we unpack that into what that means
from a freshbook standpoint our mission
is to really look at how can we do
extraordinary things every day that help
owners grow it's not necessarily about
like the end game of growth but it's
like the day-to-day things that we do as
an organization to help owners in their
pursuits that they're actually looking
to do in our area of differentiation is
that we don't want to look as like a big
corporate monolith like an intuit it is
an adobe like large companies what we
want to do is demonstrate how we get
customers in that very very deep and
intimate way that you were talking about
before so really focus on like the
grassroots initiatives and the things
that they would do that are completely
unexpected like picking the phone up
when they call us most people would
expect to go through an ivr or to have
to leave a callback number or something
to that effect but we we really pride
ourselves in a won many awards for our
customer service you have an excellent
customer service do you actually have a
very big supporting them i wouldn't say
that we over invest against industry
norms but we just manage our support
team in different ways to make sure that
they get on the line with customers when
they need to as quickly as possible we
ran a program right when covid hit last
march when all the lockdowns happened we
focused on a program that we called roll
up your sleeves where we asked fresh
bookers around the world to say hey if
you've got a skill set and would like to
volunteer your time to our customers
identify what it is and we'll go out to
our customers and see if they need some
help so like i i took a bunch of
different initiatives where one guy
dealt with who was down in atlanta who
was a graphic designer and all of his
customers were in the event and live
entertainment business and he's like i
gotta pivot because like all of my
business is gone yeah you have to learn
how to do stuff online yes so like i
just sat there had a couple calls with
him we talked about different ways that
he could approach it what he needed was
this sounding board to just run
different type of approaches off of and
me give him some different types of
examples of products or services that he
could kind of create and package and
take to market one of the guys on our
web team went and helped the daycare
hang drywall in his local area they were
able to open up like over a weekend like
the government said you can open up
again and they're like oh god we're not
nowhere near ready so he's like i'll
come and i know i'll help you put up and
paint some drywall and so he was doing
stuff like that so it's things like this
that we have focused on as an
organization
to really kind of focus on these
grassroots ways that we can help owners
whether it's through like those
initiatives or whether it's through like
some the philanthropic type of activity
do or just like core support services
like really trying to do it like in
terms of demonstrating to folks that we
actually understand and live and breathe
this every day grassroots is very very
important in fact i actually emphasize
grassroots marketing more than a pay
marketing and a pay effort so do you
actually do a lot of pay as well we play
the attrition funnel game like everybody
else in the sas world so we have a
pretty amazing performance marketing
team at freshbooks what channel do you
actually use for small businesses and
also very small businesses no search
captures all the traffic affiliates
marketplaces referral we do a lot of
podcast advertising and then our kind of
upper funnel stuff is really focused on
other digital platforms like like like
all the major socials youtube and ott as
well we've done some experiments in the
past like with drtv and with radio and
other things and so we kind of keep
experimenting there our core bread and
butter of what we're doing is in the
performance space and of course
investing a ton of time and effort into
seo there's such a massive long tail of
search within the small business world
of what people are looking for is pretty
critical and when we are constantly
developing new product then we have to
also make sure we're addressing and
moving into these new categories on both
the seo and sem spaces as well it's
constantly keeping the team busy do you
do any events before 2020 we had a
pretty robust event strategy in terms of
going a sponsored event whether we're
doing tabletop kind of stuff or in
exhibitor halls and being present there
usually at fairly vertical type of
events and then and then we ran a bunch
of hosted events we ran a program called
i make a living which are all our own
hosted events which were would include
both prospects and customers as well as
our partners so we've really kind of
dialed in on making sure that our
networking capabilities were at those
events was pretty pretty heavy more
hesitant to jump right back into it just
with the ups and downs and being able to
be fairly predictable there but we're
slowly looking at when we're going to
bring them back and get that activity
going we pivoted like most companies to
webinars and doing those types of things
but it just lacks these the same amount
of capability and scale that a lot of
the in-person events actually have can
you talk to us in terms of how many
users you have and also in what
countries or how many countries we're
private companies so we don't disclose
our user counts or yeah our revenue but
right now i mean we're in over 160
countries and like there's been 20 over
24 million people have touched the
product over the
15 years of the company being in
existence so we touch a lot of people
over the years and have got a lot of
data in terms of and learning in terms
of what they like and don't like about
it that's for sure is it english only or
do you do like french german spanish the
main focus right now is english markets
we just acquired a company called fast
spill in germany so that's our first
kind of push into the european markets
where we'll be doing translation into
both our product as well as in our go to
markets and and we acquired a company
last year called factorama that's based
out of mexico so they're helping us move
into to doing more of the latin american
countries and getting things stood up in
spanish as well so that's an area that
we are moving into much more there's of
course a lot of added complexities in my
previous role i was we were translating
into 27 different languages so that was
uh
i'm very very familiar with it very very
very painful process when you try to
localize and customize some of your
content to a local market yes the
biggest challenge especially in the
accounting space is that tax laws are
different in every market that you go
into so
where unlike other sas organizations
that might just be able to build one
product that can scale globally one
product homogeneous across multiple
different regions but accounting
software tend to be a little different
yeah it has to be much more tailored to
the market
based on of all all the different things
that happen within those markets so we
obviously look at shoring up our core
capabilities and then you know like most
organizations we you know really believe
in the platform ecosystem so as the
accounting suite we can be the end point
for a lot of the integrations or a lot
of the stack that a small business may
have so by making sure we're doing the
appropriate integrations and the
appropriate partnerships with other
companies then that's another kind of
key area that we focus on as well and
that kind of helps all areas whether
it's like product market fit helping
drive additional user growth in those
areas by having a healthy and well
invested partner marketing team those
areas are also critically important it
sounds like at least on the marketing
even though you have user across over
100 some countries majority of the
content or the marketing channels or
marketing campaigns that you do is
primarily english yeah primarily english
primarily western countries we have
priority markets which are going to be
the obvious ones like us canada uk
australia et cetera et cetera and so we
really kind of focus on that area the
biggest challenge that we have today is
not growing our tam
it's about shifting in the inertia of
getting people off of pen and paper or
excel or word digital transformation
absolutely it's the biggest barrier we
have today speaking of
getting
people off the paper trails and you also
recently revamped freshbooks brand
can you talk about in terms of the
rebranding effort that you do and what
is the process that you follow and why
do you need to rebrand i mean freshbooks
was actually pretty solid brand to start
with so why does the rebranding have
anything to do with the growth for
example the very cliche things that a
cmo does
you know any cmo would do just come and
start rebranding okay rebrand it just
get a new logo right it's the easiest
thing to do when i came in i'm like
we're not doing a new logo and then like
oh everybody's been working for the last
like two years on this effort so what
was very interesting is the company had
been on this two year journey of
rebranding efforts and it started from
reaffirming the commitment to the
customer so it was like do we understand
and believe the customer and what can we
do to be meaningful in the lives of the
customer so the company had already gone
through the change management process of
affirming what the brand was and the
brand commitment was to the organization
i was the lucky recipient at the end of
it all you say okay great now all we
need to do is take it to market like
this this is the easiest thing to do the
hardest part is the change management
with the organization i do agree yeah
did you guys hire a brand agency or a
change management consultant to actually
help you guys or this is something that
you guys do internally well we did a lot
of the change management was all done
internally the we had an agency called
sun and suns out of atlanta that helped
us with a lot of the branding activity
and so that was kind of the process that
got us to the point and then we made the
decision of yes we're gonna take take
things to market there were some
fundamental things in branding that was
just like hey like the logo had some
challenges just being able to be used in
a bunch of different ways and we needed
to update it and make it work across
some different formats there was some
color issues that we had so we like we
were just like a clean up of elements to
make them right but it was really all
around like the re affirmation of the
company to the customer and it was more
about an experience internally as
opposed to going to the customer because
the customer doesn't care if we change
the logo like the crux of it was all
still centered on like we just really
want to make sure that we understand who
we are as a company and what we're
trying to do in our customers lives and
that was the rebranding effort and why
we actually did it it's basically you
guys do it for yourself not necessarily
like just do it for the sake of like oh
let's do rebranding it's more or less
kind of like the the company journey if
you will you take on and i like the word
the word that you use it's basically a
brief affirmation in terms of what the
company's existence and also it's also
another way to rally employees around
the world because we were really good at
this micro size company and we're
starting to grow within larger companies
so we're just trying to show that this
is where we're growing we're here today
and we're going to be moving into a
different area it was like here's where
we are here's where we're going and just
making sure we all understood it was
really kind of like we're renewing our
vows to to our customers of the ones we
had today and the ones we're going to
have tomorrow
i want to ask you very quickly the last
question is
now you have done rebranding and you
talk to us in terms of you have an
online channel approach and you also
take a lot of grassroots marketing
sounds like you dial up multiple
different marketing channels even from
partner marketing affiliate marketing
pay marketing down to you know organic
effort
so for 2022 you are looking ahead yeah
can you talk to us what are some of the
marketing plan or initiative that you
are planning to explore or try there's a
couple areas that we're really focused
on one is the demise of the cookie and
we don't know the exact dates that any
of this is going to happen what we've
been really focused on is planning for
that so you know our team is doing a few
things one is you know we're really
dialing up our partner marketing efforts
i think there's going to be a new age of
partner marketing and how we can really
start to build ecosystems of brands as
opposed to ecosystems of media companies
we're all building these same giant
attrition funnels and kicking people out
and closing
five to ten percent of the people that
we're attracting every month and tossing
the rest of the fish back in the water i
think there's there's just an efficiency
play that can be had across all
like-minded marketers so i think that
that there's a big effort there
brands as media companies i think this
was a big thing in like the 2000s when
it in in relation to
you know the red bull studios and that
kind of stuff and how brands were gonna
like in bmw and everybody making these
like feature length movies and stuff i
think i think it's a little different i
think there's probably a bit more of
like brands as media companies as it
relates to like how can we produce some
really kind of top of funnel content and
collect primary data on customers and
start to build out content that way so
you know looking at how hubspot the
hustle and you know even back if you
look at how casper bought sleepopolis
and in the review sites i think there's
just going to be a little bit more of a
focus on how brands can actually start
to look into that world a little bit
more especially within the sas space so
i think the package good marketers have
done it and then they forgot to actually
build any primary data where the sas
companies have largely avoided that the
sas based company actually have that
capability and the cpg they are
traditional companies they tend not to
think data in a way that they can
monetize the data but sas based platform
is completely different way to actually
monetize their products so from the very
get-go data means everything right for
the sas based company but for
traditional like the cpg or even package
packaging goods they don't think that
way the only thing they think about is
the products right i mean i'm talking
about physical product i think the last
thing especially within the tech world
is like the return to the creative
in terms of messaging in this kind of
race for features and promoting features
we've really lost sight of what a brand
represents and making sure that's
articulated to customers so as we've all
gone down this path of performance
marketing and optimizing against seo and
sem we've lost any differentiation in
the market so i think we need to go back
to making sure that we're doing the
types of things we're focused back on
ensuring our creative messaging is
resonating and our creative is
differentiating brands and market as
opposed to just talking about the latest
greatest feature that we're launching as
a product organization let me paraphrase
it as a closing for this specific
episode the couple things that you
mentioned and i 100 agree with you in
terms of looking ahead for 2022 not just
for fresh books and actually for i say
growing company in terms of leveraging
different marketing channels
many of us are using the same marketing
channels as you do i do agree in terms
of upon marketing is something that can
dial up and leverage the big ecosystem
and a lot of the tech company do that
and do that very very well if you look
at intel you look at hp and you know any
kind of global tech companies
they basically do that for a long period
of time so i agree with you the second
thing that you mentioned i love it in
terms of cookie-less type of world in
terms of the pay media moving forward if
they are not using cookie and how do you
track that performance and what can you
do to make sure that you continue to
gather the data i think that is going to
be a challenge for everybody especially
the company that spends huge amount a
huge amount of money in paid
and then the third things that you
emphasize is still continue to look at
yourself and understand who you are and
find that unique differentiator
that you can call
your own and i think that's hard for
everybody including myself i'm
individual consultant and i probably
changed my messaging five times or value
proposition in the past seven years
whenever i change it everything needs to
change along with it right you know the
website needs to be updated all the
social media profile needs to be updated
the digital assets needs to be updated i
don't have to tell you in terms of the
amount of work that needs to go into it
but i do agree with you and the value
proposition and messaging are super
super critical and another thing on top
of that is things get so difficult
because that it's not you created one
messaging and that's done because you
add additional features and you add
additional benefit you might go after
additional clients or customers then
your value proposition also need to
shift so the value proposition and also
the messaging is kind of like a living
document or living being if you will you
have to constantly evaluate that so i
love all the insight you brought to us
and i would like to ask you two
questions yeah number one is what shows
are you binge watching right now do you
recommend it oh i just finished like the
updated or the last season that was
loaded to netflix of homeland because i
kind of walked away
so you just watched the last season yeah
so just uh i caught up with that and
i've been watching a lot of the uh apple
plus stuff so i just i i watched it
i watched all of ted lasso loved it it
was great everybody loved that everybody
loved it so it was pretty fantastic so
i'm good there i'm also like a secret
junkie of uk and australian home
renovation shows this especially this
one called grand designs because they
track they track home renovations over
the course of 14 years so it's uh where
they're building like these 14 years
i like to do a lot of that kind of stuff
on my own and just finished building a
place on a lake north of the city here
in toronto and i have a deep deep heart
and appreciation for what it takes to
build something excellent excellent so
what is uh one place that you always
want to go
anywhere right now
it's funny up here i'm in toronto and we
uh we just have moved into opening
everything up again so even right now
there's still like this hesitation to go
out all the time and so i'm uh right
we're we're planning our first trip in
and going somewhere so i'm i'm probably
gonna head out to the mountains out in
uh
in british columbia in the interior and
do a ski a ski trip as quickly as i can
very nice
excellent so thank you so much for
coming to my show paul thank you pam it
was awesome to be here so if you like
this episode please subscribe to your
favorite listening platform if you watch
it on youtube feel free to subscribe and
comment below alright
good to hear from you and take care
bye-bye
[Music]
never miss an episode of b2b marketing
and more by following us here on youtube
and leave a comment while you're at it
you can also find episodes wherever you
get your podcasts
[Music]
you